Grid for The Starter kit (#2472)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-StarterKit/Widgets/Grid/Price-table/index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
---

# Price Table

> The Price Table, is a great tool for when you want to list multiple products and compare them, for example, different tiers of plans. The Price Table lets you outline the price and what features each tier contains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Price Table is a great tool for when you want to list multiple products and compare them, for example, different tiers of plans. The Price Table lets you outline the price and what features each tier contains.
```

Here you can see what it could look like on the front end.

> ![Price Table](images/Price-Table-frontend1.png) ![Price Table](images/Price-Table-frontend2.png)

Reviewer: I think only one example is necessary here?

And perhaps, add an example with more features, to give a better effect of what this widget can do?

Here you can see what it could look like in the backoffice

![Price Table](images/Price-Table-backoffice.png)

The options for Price Table is as follows:

> - Column Width (This decides how large the column containing the Umbraco Forms is)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Column Width (This decides how large the column containing the Price Table is)
```

- Boxed Column (This switch adds a box around the entire Price Table columns width)

> - Center Content (Flipping this switch on or of decided whether your content is centered in the column or not)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Center Content (Decide whether your content is centered in the column or not)
```
